3. Some people believe that reading picture books are beneficial. However, others argue that this type of book is as harmful as television, which could destroy the imagination of readers.

Write an essay to an educated reader to discuss both views and give your own opinion. Give reasons for your answers and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.

Nowadays, reading picture books has become more and more widespread in almost every aspect of our lives. However, there are some opposing opinions that reading picture books is very disadvantageous to readers. I strongly believe that reading picture books merits readers.

On the one hand, readers reading picture books have numerous disadvantages. The most obvious one is that reading picture books will limit the imaginative and creative abilities of readers. When reading it, they cannot imagine other scenes but must rely on those scenes to continue imagining what the author has arranged. The second demerit side is that reading picture books cannot fully reveal the characters' personalities and inner thoughts, because picture books must rely on the author's drawing style and the words of picture books are very concise. For example, when watching television, actors cannot recreate the character's personality and emotions. They must read textbooks to help them understand, and they can also immerse themselves in that character. Last but not least, readers will have limited reading scope. When reading picture books, the reader only focuses on reading picture books without expanding to other types of books, the reader will have a limited range of knowledge and reading comprehension skills.

On the other hand, I believe that reading picture books is beneficial. Firstly, picture books encourage reading, reading picture books is more attractive to new readers and images help attract readers, making them have the habit of reading from an early age. Secondly, picture books may be a more useful approach, for children and those with reading difficulties, illustrations help convey meaning and plot more easily. Finally, picture books provide entertainment and relaxation, picture books help relax and unwind after a long day. 

In summary, reading picture books has both beneficial and negative; however, the benefits outweigh the harms. Reading picture books helps convey meaning and encourages reading, reading picture books not only brings joy and entertainment but also has many educational and developmental benefits for readers, especially for children.

